[Text Manipulation]
Parsing
Translation
Translation Check
Editing
Data Inference (Glossary)
[Python Development]
Minimal Requirements. Only LLM API and File Librariesrequired.
Will be Packaged into an .exe while projects\, \user, logs\ and \doc should remain outside but accessible.
[Scripts and Large Language Model Usage]
Preferred Script Usage
Additional LLM Layer
LLM only when unavoidable (Core Translation)
[Universal]
Able to work with all Languages (LLM) 
Able to work with any File Format once a Parser is developed
[Extensible and Flexible]
Parser Contract (Extraction, Injection, 'Name: Dialogue' Format, Wordwrap, Forbidden Characters, Encoding)
[Efficiency]
All features aim to improve translation accuracy, speed and affordability.
[Interlinked Systems]
The persistent Manifest file per project serves as save and reference file
[Control]
Visible Costs through the Costs Tab (Estimation), Display during Translation (Cost Tracking Window with Full Project and Business Accounting will be done later). 
Many Options both for projects themselves and overall (global)
API Log
Manifest file as grand storage
(Copy of all Original Files 
Keep Diffs for the IDE
Multiple Translation Branches 
Need to be extended)
[Automation]
Manuel input still possible
Scripts and LLM usage 
Auto-Validation and Auto-Recovery of malformed output (during Translation, Post-Processing and Quality Assurance)
Several small and one entire Pipeline with options to reduce clicks
Widgets have default values and get values
[Ease of use Not yet fully implemented]
Tooltips that provide explanations on hover
Progress Tracker that shows and jumps to fulfilled and unfulfilled tasks 
[Security and legality]Password Protection
Encrypt API Keys
Warn against and possibly block illegal content (sexual, hateful, extremely violent)
Warn against violating copyright. Only work on content you own, got permission for or permission is not needed
Decryption only for Open Source Software
[10 Primary Steps with their own tabs]
1. Input Parsing (Extraction), Updating
2. Analysis Script Analysis with optional LLM one
3. Information Contains Information blocks that are used in the translation request like Summary, Genre, Glossary, Source and Target Language.
4. Pre-Processing Edits Original lines with chosen scripts (deduplication, symbol replacement, temporary replacement)
5. Costs Estimates Costs with Script 
6. Translation Uses the chosen LLM with the set settings to translate the latest lines (Pre-Processing or Original) from Source to Target Language
7. Post-Processing Edits the latest lines (Translated, Pre-Processing or Original) with chosen scripts, often reverting certain Pre-Processing steps.
8. Quality Assurance Runs chosen Misc Scripts. Results are for review usually
9. Wordwrap Applies Wordwrap as per set rules (can be set by the parser)
10. Output Parsing (Injection)
[Utility] 
Full Table View to have all line iterations side-by-side
API Log to review API Requests and Responses
Validation scripts back Translation (Auto-Recovery and Retrival if not possible) and Post-Processes
(Cost Tracker 
IDE to work with the complete original and translated files before, for and after parsing. 
Need to be extended)
[Manifest System]
Created for each Project
Contains all project information. All lines, all their iterations, Data for the 10 Steps, Diff patches for the IDE and more.
[User Data]
Created for each user and saves their preferences, API information with keys and logs, and Accumulated Costs