Minor Tasks
-Input Step
	Rename to just 'Input'
	Rename Select File(s) button to input and instead of selecting files and folders with separate commands to choose from, have the button open a window that can do both load (multiple) files and (multiple) folders.
	Increase the size of New Translation Project Window (Create New Translation Project) since the buttons are partially hidden
	Adjust Loaded Files to always have folders above all files in the same folder and when loaded the files hidden instead of expanded 
	When loading files and creating a manifest run several script after each other:
		Step 1: Create Manifest file (Dialogue that is currently after Step 2. Input fill must out the project name. Remove auto-suggestion. Skipped when manifest already exists) 
		Step 2: Load Lines into the Manifest
		Step 3: Load default values into the Manifest
		Step 4: Run Analysis Script and record the results in the Manifest
		Step 5: Populate Glossary, Code Database and Point of View based on inference (optional, several options)
		Step 6: Run the first Estimation Script and record the results in the Manifest (Original Input Tokens)
		Step 7: Run default preprocessing and record the results in the Manifest
		Step 8: Run the second Estimation Script for preprocessed lines and record the results in the Manifest
-Analysis Step
	Improve Language Detection to treat Chinese as Japanese when Chinese content is lower than 30%. Translation Step also must not skip them when the option to not translate non-source language is enabled (see specs.md about the existing global option)
	Add a new statistic (below Duplicate Lines:) and fucntion analyse and find lines that can be aggressively deduplicated (see specs.md about the existing method)
	Have the Findings Table display all found Speakers and all Code Patterns
	Add contextual right-click functionality (for each Categtory) to the Findings table with custom options to choose. Implement multi-select too. (Read and supplement relevant feature sections in the specs.md since they interact with the Glossary and Code Database)
	-Speakers: (see specs.md for glossary specs, tests must ensure that Character Notes in Information gets populated)
		Add to Glossary (fills glossary 'Original')
		Set Role -> Protagonist | Love Interest | Major | Minor | (added to glossary 'Notes'. Overwrites itself, gets added to Gender.)
		Set Gender -> Male | Female | (added to glossary 'Notes'. Overwrites itself, gets added to Role.)
		Set Translation -> Custom Input (fills glossary 'Translation'. Replaces itself.)
	-Code Patterns: (see specs.md for code database specs, tests must ensure that Code Database in Information and Preprocessing get populated)
		Preserve (Checkmark. Mutually exclusive with Remove and Replace. Default Checked)
		Remove (Checkmark. Mutually exclusive with Preserve, Translate and Replace)
		Translate (Checkmark. Mutually exclusive with Remove and Replace)
		Replace -> Generic | Custom Input | (Mutually exclusive with Remove, Preserve and Translate)
		Is a Name (Checkmark. Mutually exclusive with all 'Is')
		Is Text (Checkmark. Mutually exclusive with all 'Is')
		Is a Number (Checkmark. Mutually exclusive with all 'Is')
		Is Invisible (Checkmark. Mutually exclusive with all 'Is'. Default Checked)
